Adds CLI for Microsoft 365 10.6.0 release announcement (#2091)
pnp/blog: content/cli-for-microsoft-365/cli-for-microsoft-365-v10-6/index.md

---
title: CLI for Microsoft 365 v10.6
date: 2025-04-30T01:00:00.000Z
author: Martin Lingstuyl
githubname: martinlingstuyl
categories:
  - CLI for Microsoft 365
images:
  - images/banner-cli-m365.png
tags:
  - CLI for Microsoft 365
  - Entra ID
  - SharePoint
  - Microsoft Graph
type: popular
---

The CLI for Microsoft 365 strikes again! We've just published a new minor version of the CLI for Microsoft 365. [CLI for Microsoft 365](https://aka.ms/cli-m365) is a cross-platform command-line tool that allows you to manage your Microsoft 365 tenant and SharePoint Framework projects. This minor release introduces new commands that will enhance the quality of your Microsoft 365 experience.

> Explore the [release notes](https://aka.ms/cli-m365/notes) for a neat overview of all the exciting features and improvements. 

## What's New

### Microsoft Graph

> In this release, we added four new commands to manage open extensions for Entra ID through the Microsoft Graph. Open extensions are similar to directory extensions and schema extensions: they are a way to add additional properties to resources in Microsoft 365. There's a quite broad array of resources you can enrich with poperties using open extensions. The CLI for Microsoft 365 currently supports the following: users, groups, devices and organizations. Open extensions are very flexible, and support saving untyped data. Whether you use directory extensions, open extensions or schema extensions depends on the usecase and the features Microsoft made available. [You can read more here.](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/extensibility-overview) Whatever you'll be using, the CLI for Microsoft 365 supports you either way, managing extensions on date in Microsoft 365. 

Author: ```suggestion
In this release, we added four new commands to manage open extensions for Entra ID through the Microsoft Graph. Open extensions are similar to directory extensions and schema extensions: they are a way to add additional properties to resources in Microsoft 365. There's a quite broad array of resources you can enrich with poperties using open extensions. The CLI for Microsoft 365 currently supports the following: users, groups, devices and organizations. Open extensions are very flexible, and support saving untyped data. Whether you use directory extensions, open extensions or schema extensions depends on the usecase and the features Microsoft made available. [You can read more here.](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/extensibility-overview) Whatever you'll be using, the CLI for Microsoft 365 supports you either way, managing extensions on data in Microsoft 365. 
```

To add some data to a specific Entra user using open extensions, run:

```sh
m365 graph openextension add --resourceId adelev@contoso.com --resourceType user --name 'com.contoso.roamingSettings' --theme dark --color red --language English
```

To retrieve a specific open extension for a user, run:

```sh
m365 graph openextension get --resourceId john.doe@contoso.com --name 'com.contoso.roamingSettings' --resourceType user
```

To list all open extensions for a specific user, run:

```sh
m365 graph openextension list --resourceId john.doe@contoso.com --resourceType user
```

To remove the open extension, run:

```sh
m365 graph openextension remove --resourceId john.doe@contoso.com --name 'com.contoso.roamingSettings' --resourceType user --force
```

For more information, check the following resources:

- [graph openextension add](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-add/)

> - [graph openextension get](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-get/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [graph openextension get](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-get/)
- [graph openextension list](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-list/)
```

---
title: CLI for Microsoft 365 v10.6
date: 2025-04-30T01:00:00.000Z
author: Martin Lingstuyl
githubname: martinlingstuyl
categories:
  - CLI for Microsoft 365
images:
  - images/banner-cli-m365.png
tags:
  - CLI for Microsoft 365
  - Entra ID
  - SharePoint
  - Microsoft Graph
type: popular
---

The CLI for Microsoft 365 strikes again! We've just published a new minor version of the CLI for Microsoft 365. [CLI for Microsoft 365](https://aka.ms/cli-m365) is a cross-platform command-line tool that allows you to manage your Microsoft 365 tenant and SharePoint Framework projects. This minor release introduces new commands that will enhance the quality of your Microsoft 365 experience.

> Explore the [release notes](https://aka.ms/cli-m365/notes) for a neat overview of all the exciting features and improvements. 

## What's New

### Microsoft Graph

> In this release, we added four new commands to manage open extensions for Entra ID through the Microsoft Graph. Open extensions are similar to directory extensions and schema extensions: they are a way to add additional properties to resources in Microsoft 365. There's a quite broad array of resources you can enrich with poperties using open extensions. The CLI for Microsoft 365 currently supports the following: users, groups, devices and organizations. Open extensions are very flexible, and support saving untyped data. Whether you use directory extensions, open extensions or schema extensions depends on the usecase and the features Microsoft made available. [You can read more here.](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/extensibility-overview) Whatever you'll be using, the CLI for Microsoft 365 supports you either way, managing extensions on data in Microsoft 365. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we added four new commands to manage open extensions for Entra ID through the Microsoft Graph. Open extensions are similar to directory extensions and schema extensions: they are a way to add additional properties to resources in Microsoft 365. There's a quite broad array of resources you can enrich with properties using open extensions. The CLI for Microsoft 365 currently supports the following: users, groups, devices, and organizations. Open extensions are very flexible and support saving untyped data. Whether you use directory extensions, open extensions, or schema extensions depends on the use case and the features Microsoft made available. [You can read more here.](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/extensibility-overview) Whatever you'll be using, the CLI for Microsoft 365 supports you either way, managing extensions on data in Microsoft 365. 
```

```sh
m365 graph openextension remove --resourceId john.doe@contoso.com --name 'com.contoso.roamingSettings' --resourceType user --force
```

For more information, check the following resources:

- [graph openextension add](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-add/)
- [graph openextension get](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-get/)
- [graph openextension list](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-list/)
- [graph openextension remove](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/graph/openextension/openextension-remove/)

### Microsoft Entra ID

In this release, we introduced a new Entra ID command that allows you to remove a group member.

To remove a single group member from a specific group specified by user ID, simply run:

```sh
m365 entra group member remove --groupName Developers --userIds 098b9f52-f48c-4401-819f-29c33794c3f5 --role Member
```

For more information check the following resources:
- [m365 entra group member remove](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/entra/group/group-member-remove/)

## What's changed

> This release also brings some other great changes. Aside from a lot of improvements in the codebase and bug fixes to elevate the overall CLI experience, there's a couple of things we'd like to highlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also brings some other great changes. Aside from many improvements in the codebase and bug fixes to elevate the overall CLI experience, there are a couple of things we'd like to highlight.
```
